This lecture is only for Windows users, if you are not on Windows, please skip this lecture and skip
all other lectures not related to the Windows operating system.
We will learn how to install and configure some package, which is a bundle of Apache Web server, BHP
and MySQL database.
The first step is to download Zamp, visit the website, and on the main page, you should see the download
link for Windows.
Click it.
When the file is downloaded, run the installer.
You might be worried about the user account control, please follow the suggestion and don't insult
Zamp to any other folder than the default proposed.
From the components, we only need Apache.
My school, BHP and Poppy, my admin rest can be unchecked unless, you know, you will need them.
Please install to this default folder.
Now wait for the installation process to complete, it might take a couple of minutes, so please post
the video right now and resume when your installation is complete.
You will be asked to start the control panel, please.
Unchecked option and press finish.
Now, let's run the control panel of some manually, but as an administrator on the start menu type.
And press run as an administrator.
If you don't run Zamp as an administrator, you might have filed permission issues.
Now, start today, Apache and.
MySQL server.
By pressing start buttons next to them, both Apache and Maisky labels should be green, and when visiting
twenty seven oh one in the browser, you should see the example dashboard if Apache did not start.
It might mean the port is blocked, Skype is known for using this port in case officers make sure to
stop the Skype first.